---
layout: post
title: Meeting Giugno (2) 2018
---

27 Giugno 2018 - **In-Memory Data Grids, e-commerce and analytics**

### In-Memory Data Grids, e-commerce and analytics

In this talk, we'll take a three-part look at Hazelcast's In-Memory Data Grid, a popular IMDG choice and the fastest one available.

To begin with, simple stuff. What is an IMDG, why would you use one, what can it do, where would you not use it?

Next, we'll go to a demo, with an online shop. This will show how IMDG fits into the big picture, providing real-world benefits of resilience, scalability and security, for very little coding.

And finally, we'll take the demo a stage further with added analytics, examining how shopping trends can be tracked to provide insights into customer habits.

The talk will be in English, with a Java & Spring demo that you can download after.

#### Speaker

Neil Stevenson

Neil is a solution architect for Hazelcast, the world's leading open source in-memory data grid. In more than 25 years of work in IT, Neil has designed, developed and debugged a number of software systems for companies large and small.

#### Quando?

<u>27 Giugno 2018</u>

* 18:30 - Check-in
* 18:45 - Benvenuto e aggiornamenti
* 19:00 - **In-Memory Data Grids, e-commerce and analytics**
* 21:30 - Pizza

#### Dove ?

Presso [Toolbox](/places/toolbox/).

#### Come faccio a partecipare ?

La partecipazione è aperta a tutti, previa *registrazione* (ci serve per sapere quanti saremo).

[Registratevi su meetup](https://www.meetup.com/JUGTorino/events/251691512/).

[Iscriviti](/subscribe/) alla mailing list del JUG Torino per venire a conoscenza degli eventi.

#### Posso avere un altro riferimento ?

La [mailing list](https://groups.yahoo.com/groups/it-torino-java-jug) è il riferimento principale,
la puoi consultare anche online se sei già iscritto.

Puoi contattare [Roberto Franchini](/people/robertofranchini/).
